doc: address how to use TAEF (#7590)
microsoft/terminal: doc/TAEF.md

### TAEF Overview ###

TAEF, the Test Authoring and Execution Framework, is used extensively within the Windows organization to test the operating system code in a unified manner for system, driver, and application code. As the console is a Windows OS Component, we strive to continue using the same system such that tests can be ran in a unified manner both externally to Microsoft as well as inside the official OS Build/Test system.

> The [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/taef/) for TAEF describes the basic architecture, usage, and functionality of the test system. It is similar to Visual Studio test, but a bit more comprehensive and flexible.

Author: I gotta say I'm surprised that this file hasn't changed since "Initial release of the Windows Terminal source code". That's 17 months! This link to TAEF doc hasn't been working for god knows how long, and no one to my knowledge actually complaines about it?...

Reviewer: I mean, the core contributors are always aware of how to run it without reading the doc. And the CI will crack anyone else over the head on their PR if they break a test. Also the top search engine result for something like 'TAEF usage' leads to the right place... so I can understand how it decayed. But glad you fixed it. :)

Author: Well google helps a lot, there’s no doubt about it. But it does pose certain challenges to newcomers of this repo to realize how to even getting started with unit testing. It took me some time to even realize what is the keyword to google. I’m sure @german-one feels the same.

Reviewer 2: Yes, that has been the main reason why I once filed the issue. If contributors are asked to write a unit test for their code for the first time they will likely get a problem to find the related documentation. If you look into existing unit tests you'll only find `WEX` rather than `TAEF`. Try to google WEX and you'll see how long it may take until you realize that TAEF is related to it and is the key to find the necessary information 😀

Author: Speaking of search engine, I use Bing a lot. Like really a lot. So no hard feelings for anyone in the Bing team 😆

### Writing Tests

You may want to read the section [Authoring Tests in C++](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/taef/authoring-tests-in-c--) before getting your hands dirty. Note that the quoted header name in `#include "WexTestClass.h"` might be a bit confusing. You are not required to copy TAEF headers into the project folder.

Use the [TAEF Verify Macros for C++](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/taef/verify) in your test code to perform verifications.

### Running Tests

> If you have Visual Studio and related C++ components installed, you should have the TAEF test runner `te.exe` available locally.

Author: I don't fully know if this is true but I don't need to install the WDK for `te.exe` to be available. The `razzle,cmd` works just fine. Feel free to edit this PR.

> In a "normal" command line enviroment, `te.exe` may not be directly available. Try the following command to set up the development enviroment first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a "normal" command line environment, `te.exe` may not be directly available. Try the following command to set up the development environment first:

```

```shell
.\tools\razzle.cmd

> ```

Reviewer: Do note that if you use PowerShell and `Import-Module .\tools\OpenConsole.psm1`, you will then be able to do `Invoke-OpenConsoleTests` (optionally with a few switches you can read inside that PowerShell script) and it will get things going for you as an alternative to the CMD way.

The [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/taef/) for TAEF describes the basic architecture, usage, and functionality of the test system. It is similar to Visual Studio test, but a bit more comprehensive and flexible.

### Writing Tests

You may want to read the section [Authoring Tests in C++](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/taef/authoring-tests-in-c--) before getting your hands dirty. Note that the quoted header name in `#include "WexTestClass.h"` might be a bit confusing. You are not required to copy TAEF headers into the project folder.

Use the [TAEF Verify Macros for C++](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/taef/verify) in your test code to perform verifications.

### Running Tests

If you have Visual Studio and related C++ components installed, and you have successfully restored NuGets, you should have the TAEF test runner `te.exe` available locally as part of the `Taef.Redist.Wlk` package.

> > Note that you can not run TAEF tests directly through Visual Studio. The `Taef.Redist.Wlk` NuGet package has a MSTest/TAEF adapter inside of it that will let you browse and execute TAEF tests inside of Visual Studio. But the performance and reliability of this approach prevent us from recommending it here.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Note that you cannot easily run TAEF tests directly through Visual Studio. The `Taef.Redist.Wlk` NuGet package comes with an adapter that will let you browse and execute TAEF tests inside of Visual Studio, but its performance and reliability prevent us from recommending it here.
```

In a "normal" CMD environment, `te.exe` may not be directly available. Try the following command to set up the development enviroment first:

```shell
.\tools\razzle.cmd
```

Then you should be able to use `%TAEF%` as an alias of the actual `te.exe`.

> For the purposes of the OpenConsole project, you can run the tests using the `te.exe` that matches the architecture for which the test was build (x86/x64) in the pattern

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For the purposes of the OpenConsole project, you can run the tests using the `te.exe` that matches the architecture for which the test was built (x86/x64):
```

Any pattern of class/method names can be specified after the */name:* flag with wildcard patterns.

For any further details on the functionality of the TAEF test runner, please see the [Executing Tests](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/taef/executing-tests) section in the official documentation. Or run the embedded help with

	te.exe /!

If you use PowerShell, try the following command:

```powershell

> Import-Module .\tools\OpenConsole.psm1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Import-Module .\tools\OpenConsole.psm1
Invoke-OpenConsoleTests
```

```

> You will then be able to do Invoke-OpenConsoleTests (optionally with a few switches you can read inside that PowerShell script) and it will get things going for you as an alternative to the CMD way.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`Invoke-OpenConsoleTests` supports a number of options, which you can enumerate by running `Invoke-OpenConsoleTests -?`.
```
